# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** 03/03/2024 01:40:00 PM

## Agenda

1. Discuss Design Specification Document
2. Regular meeting flow.

## Notes

1. Ask Professor about taking points off meeting minutes without feedback.
2. Pushing back Design Specification Document due date - Have Requirements 1.1 - 1.7 done by 3/10/2024, complete document by 3/15/2024.
3. Email professor to notify about Design Specification date change.
4. Everyone will contribute to the Design Specification document during the end portion of class.

## Action Items

- Gavin:

  - Started making flow chart logic for flavor profile, going to continue working on it.
  - Start setting up basic user profile, after Wyatt figures out Auth0.

- Kev:

  - Started making flow chart logic for flavor profile, going to continue working on it.
  - Start setting up basic user profile, after Wyatt figures out Auth0.

- Michael:

  - Continue to research and develop google map functionality, probably move to separate web page, and research preset map locations.

- Nick:

  - Progress is going well on the SearchBar. Frontend, database, and backend are talking to eachother. Just need to implement the "searching" aspect with the actual "bar". Nearly complete, need to find a way to restructure the data to fit the implemented SearchBar.

- Wyatt:
  - Briefly looked at auth0 functionality provided by supabase, will look more into it.

## Contributors

Each Member should directly add their name as a _separate commit_ from the creation of the meeting-minutes.md file

- Wyatt Rose
- Kevin Iwatsuki
- Gavin Akehurst
- Michael McCain
- Nicholas Myers
