# Standup Meeting Notes **03/17/2024**

---

## 1. Weekly Progress

- [Kev]: Worked on 1.11 - 1.31e sections of the DSD.
- [Gavin]: Worked on 1.3 - 1.6e sections of the DSD.
- [Michael]: Worked on section 3 of the DSD.
- [Nick]: Worked on 2.1 - 2.2e sections of the DSD.
- [Wyatt]: Worked on the 2.3 - 2.5 sections of the DSD.

## 2. Weekly Goals

- [Wyatt]: Implement login functionality for the UI and reactive supabase access.
- [Kev]: Refining the details of 1.x.x sections of the DSD.
- [Gavin]: Refining the details of 1.x.x sections of the DSD.
- [Michael]: Refine details of section 3 of the DSD and improve GMaps searching implementation.
- [Nick]:

## 3. Obstacles

- [Michael]: Issues with supabase account access.

## 4. Announcements

- Ask for clarification on MVP labeled documentation.
- Review the DSD as a group this week and make any required improvements or necessary changes.
- Shift focus towards project development.

## Contributors

- Michael McCain
- Wyatt Rose
- Kevin Iwatsuki
- Nicholas Myers
- Gavin Akehurst
